hi time here along with comedian Ryan
singer and we've been talking about
Ryan's car which has got i believe about
298 thousand miles and this is a
beautiful machine it's obviously taken
them all across the country many times
and Ryan would like to sell it so I'm
gonna try to help him do that I've not
tried the car yet but let's give it a
quick review let's check it out of the
og r is this 90 90 the driver's side
handles broken off so you either can go
in through the back seat or oh wait a
minute I i think i can get it you want
me to open it way to open it from the
inside but how do you have a friend with
you most of the time no problem i'm just
have them open the door for it kind of
warm today here uh does this thing have
AC uh yeah AC works nice and i'll take
that out so it stopped beeping less way
crank it up and there's a cbi don't have
it hooked up yet but you gotta see be
nice to be radio this you can see be the
the original social network you can see
what's your CB handle again monster
hunter monster ever in the same three to
five mile radius at the exact same time
maybe we'll chat on channel 19 okay okay
this is a test on monster hunter testing
the CB get a lot of action right now
well does the CB come with the car CB
comes with the car not a lot of drivers
around chatting right now that's the pre
weighs only by 300 yards that way I
think would be quite a lot of action
yeah they're probably just use probably
slow day out there you know okay the
radio does work CD player as you can see
does the CD nice that's nice you know
cap captain beefheart is in there right
now wow that's sophisticated uh yeah so
it's got an auxiliary plug for an iphone
or android or something like that did
you install this ready this is after my
yeah i installed the radio and the CB
cuz the factory stopped working glove
box opens and locks there's a gps hell
I'll even throw that GPS in there it's a
garmin nice uh yeah so can we get in a
shot of the actual dashboard to see the
mileage oh yeah let's see what we're at
that's two nite 297 870 miles so by the
end of next week after the tour i'll be
over to eighty to ninety eight wow so
this is about to approach 300,000 miles
motor sounds great and this is a what a
90 99 99 this is a camry LE camry LE
four cylinder four cylinder or door okay
let's continue the tour shall we okay
once again we're taking a tour of this
beautiful 99 camry 298 thousand miles on
it head back here nice that's got the
electric window thiet the ice off the
back window gasps door nope they don't
look at the trunk yeah trucks got bit
not a trunk space yeah oh we don't need
to oh here Jesus trunks got lots of room
lots of room everything that comes in
the trunk comes with the car that's the
deal uh you know it's up oh you know
that's a weird I so we have tick on the
engine yeah you need Honda that's Ryan
singers car now if you'd like to make an
offer on that how does this work right
they can reach me at my website Ryan
singer comedy com or email Ryan singer
comedy at gmail com make me an offer
i'll take the best offer i can get and
this is for real this car is for sale
and it comes with everything in it
except probably the chick you have lock
on the train the luggage the luggage the
lug
in the truck